[Music]
six exercises for a flat belly that you
can do in a chair you know our reality
is all about going to the office and
spending most of our daylight there
sitting for a long time can harm your
health and body a review of forty seven
scientific research projects indicated
that people who experience prolonged
sitting could have cancer diabetes
cardiovascular diseases and obesity the
warning is clear don't go to the office
hey hey works for me
however office work has many advantages
as well so we found six exercises which
you can do at your desk to feel fresh
and full of energy
stay with us to learn more about them
and as usual there's a little bonus
waiting for you at the end
counting down exercise number six knee
to chest lift
[Music]
one sit down on a chair keep your back
straight without touching the back of
the chair to keep your feet on the floor
hip width apart three keep your back
straight lift your right knee and pull
it to your chest keep your belly sucked
in yeahyou number four
put your hands on your shin to better
stretch your lower abdominal muscles
five repeat 20 to 30 times by
alternating your knees
one two start now remember to keep your
back straight while performing the
exercise do it in a slow and controlled
manner this exercise strengthens
abdominal muscles improves digestion and
helps burn fat we all like to burn fat
note that you should not do this
exercise if you get a back or leg pain
while performing it to feel how energy
is starting to run all over your body
that is just the beginning well done
let's move on to the next exercise
exercise number five double knee lift
here we go number one keep your legs
together
number two hold the sides of the chair
with both hands three well keeping your
back straight lift your knees and pull
them to your chest your abdominal
muscles should be tensed put your feet
down but don't touch the floor repeat 10
to 20 times Ready Steady Go knee lifts
are a fundamental component in any
training and are useful for people of
any age and any level of training this
exercise is helpful for not only
increasing your inner strength but also
for getting a flat belly because here
all your belly muscles work effectively
and gently at the same time yeah you did
it
take a deep breath and get ready for the
next exercise
exercise number four double knee lift
combined with body side bends one sit on
the chair edge with a straight back all
the chair tightly with both hands to
bend your body to the side and sit only
on one glute
that's right turn the other cheek number
three keeping your legs together lift
both knees to your chest as described in
exercise five number four return to your
original position and bend to the other
side number five repeat ten to twenty
times on each side take the initial
position bend your body to the left and
lift both needs yep there you are right
left right left inhale while lifting and
engaging your abdominal muscles and
exhale as you lower the legs and release
the abdominals
this exercise shapes your waist and
helps to burn fat from the sides of your
belly a small reminder this exercise as
well as the two previous ones should not
be done by anyone who feels the tension
in knees or the back during stretching
try to engage your abdominal muscles
while doing this left that will help you
make the lift easier as well as give a
double greater effect great job shall we
continue of course we should
exercise number three bending number one
keep your feet on the floor number two
straighten your arms at the level of
your shoulders just like that
number three turn your upper body to the
right Bend and touch your left foot with
your right hand
uh-huh stay in this position for a while
number four return to the original
position now bend to your right foot
touching it with your left hand five
repeat 20 to 30 times alternating sides
with each Bend it's time to start one
two go this is another popular and
helpful exercise which we can easily use
in the office it helps to burn fat on
the belly sides and hips moreover it
gives extra strength and mobility to the
spine because almost every action in our
daily life requires it for example
standing sitting getting things off a
high shelf and from under a table as
well as bending over to lace up our
shoes and of course kissing up to the
boss you are amazing
only two more are left
[Music]
exercise number two body left above the
chair while sitting in the chair hold
the arms of the chair tightly lift your
body above the chair to make your hips
and legs hang in the air use your
abdominal muscles to raise your knees to
your chest stay in this position for at
least fifteen to twenty seconds and then
slowly return to the original position
and have a short break
number four repeat the exercise four
times are you ready let's start these
simple actions burn fat fast and make
your belly back and shoulder muscles
tone to increase the exercise intensity
you can try to stay in the hanging
position for let's say thirty seconds or
five minutes make sure that your chair
is not a rolling what can you do two
more one two there you are great alright
exercise number one knee to elbow left
[Music]
one sit on a chair with a straight back
without touching the back of the chair
put your hands behind your head to lift
your right knee to your chest at the
same time bend your left elbow to meet
your knee three return to the original
position repeat 15 times four change the
knee and elbow and repeat another
fifteen times five try to make four
series of each 15 lifts start with your
right knee and your left elbow this
exercise is really good for your waist
it makes your oblique and lower
abdominal muscles workout to do it right
make sure your knee meets your opposite
elbow at that moment your upper body
should slightly turn now alternate your
knee and elbow and do it 15 more times
by the way these exercises could be a
great help when on a long flight of
course you should remember about the
person sitting next to you and in front
of you
try to get them to do the exercises to
the flight attendant will think it's
really cool or really weird well done
it's time to change the knee and the
elbow once again star one two three how
you doing over there and one more time
alternate your knees and elbows we
recommend that you do these seven simple
exercises every day and remember to make
four series of each 15 lifts in the last
exercise correct and now it's time for
the bonus oblique muscle strengthening
the first six exercises are performed on
a chair now we would like you to stand
up and do one more for a greater effect
one stand behind the chair and lean on
the back of the chair or its arm with
your left hand to raise your right hand
above your head three move your raised
hand down slowly at the same time lift
your right leg so that your hand could
touch the heel of your foot number four
return to the original position and
repeat the exercise ten to fifteen times
five change the hand and leg repeat ten
to fifteen times six make four series on
each side are you standing come on get
up there you go get ready start your
right hand is going down and touches the
heel of your right foot return to the
initial position and once again go down
touch the foot back to start very good
one more time and once again three two
one done now change the hand and the leg
start the exercise will strengthen your
glutes as well as burn fat on your waist
and belly alternate your legs and arms
once again continue
you will not have to wait long for
results if you do it every day you can
achieve even greater results if you
combine the workout with a healthy diet
plan now your left leg and your left
foot do you remember to breathe
correctly
inhale exhale well done keep up your
hard work and have fun do you know any
other useful exercises for office work
like maybe you know wastebasket squats
share them in the comment section below
don't forget to hit the like button and
click Subscribe
we'll see you back here next time on the
bright side of life